chore: Include application repo (#65)
canonical/github-runner-image-builder-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

```

The integration tests (both of the charm and the app)

> require options to be passed via the commandline (see `tests/conftest.py`) and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
require options to be passed via the command line (see `tests/conftest.py`) and 
```
